Timetrack: Simple Stupid Time Tracker
=====================================

Timetrack is a simple time tracker script written in Python. It asks for user
input, starts the timer, and waits for user to press ``Enter``, then recors 
the time in the database. It also retrieves the data and displays the sum
totals by job descriptions.

Requirements
------------

Timetrack will work on any system that has Python 2.7 and SQLite3 installed. It
should also work on Python 2.6, but this has not been tested.

Tracking time
-------------

To keep track of time, run ``tt.py`` when you start working. Enter the required
data:

* ``PID`` is a 3-letter (no numbers or any non-letter characters) identifier.
  PID is used to identify a client. Since one of the goals of Timetrack was
  speed of entry, 3-letter identifier was considered optimal.
* ``Job`` is a textual description of the job. It is used as an identifier for
  jobs when calculating total times, so it is a good idea to think of a common
  description for all tasks related to a single project, and use it
  consistently.

Once all the details are filled in, timer is started. A prompt is displayed 
asking the user to press ``Enter``. When the key is pressed, timer is stopped,
and the time is written into the database.

If you are expecting not to switch PID's between timings, you may use the
``--pid`` or ``-p`` switch followed by a PID. This will make Timetrack not ask
for a PID each time but use the specified PID. If you specify an invalid PID,
it will be ignored, and Timetrack will operate as usual.

To end a timetracking session, just type ``Ctrl+C``. Don't worry, it doesn't
just kill the script. It also closes the database connection properly. ;)

Reading stats
-------------

Stats are collected for PID-job combinations. The sum total of all times under
a job, under a PID, are displayed. Display may look like this:

    ==========================
    PID: foo
    ==========================
    
    
    Job: bar1
    Total duration: 02:03:01
    
    
    Job: bar2
    Total duration: 06:12:03
    
    
    ==========================

To get the stats, execute Timetrack with ``--read`` or ``-r`` switch.

To display the stats only for a single PID, use the ``--pid`` or ``-p`` switch.

Database location
=================

The default dabase is located in user's home directory (on Linux it is
``/home/username``, and on Windows it is ``C:\Documents and Settings\username``). 
The file name of the database file is ``timesheet.db``. You can use a different
location by specifying the full or relative path as an argument to ``tt.py``.

For example:

    tt.py -r -p FOO someother.db

will use ``someother.db`` located in the same directory as ``tt.py``.

License and Warranty
====================
    
Copyright (C)2010, Branko Vukelic

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/. 

See the provided LICENSE file for details.
